Command:
    audio-transcoder transcode

Description:
    Handles transcoding of .flac files to other formats.

    Transcode methods available:
        FLAC (> 24bit | > 48000) -> FLAC 16bit
        FLAC -> MP3 320
        FLAC -> MP3 V0
        FLAC -> MP3 V2

    This command can either be run on a single FLAC containing directory (for example a single album) or a parent
    directory whose children are all FLAC containing directories (albums?) (for example a music directory). When
    recursive mode is enabled only directories that are the first children of the provided <input dir> will be processed
    these directories will be treat as album directories thus transcode output directories etc generated from them.

    During transcode, only flac files will be recognised within the provided input directory, no other files will be
    used as a transcode source.

    All other files found within the input directory will be mirrored into the generated output directory except for
    .cue and .log files. It is assumed that these files exists as part of a CD rip and therefore are not relevant to the
    transcode outputs. Note if you have mixed directories, mp3's and flac's in the same place the transcoder process
    will carry these across, it is not the job of this package to manage file organization.

    Spectrograms can be generated for each of the transcoded files as needed.

Usage:
    audio-transcoder transcode [options] <input dir> <output root>

Arguments:
    <input dir>
        The directory in which to start the transcode process from.
        In the instance of recursive transcode processes, this should be the directory containing all flac containing
        directories.
        In the instance of a standard transcode process, this should be the directory to the album/containing
        directory itself.
    <output root>
        The directory in which to save the transcode outputs.
        IMPORTANT: The transcode process automatically generates directory names in both standard and recursive
        contexts. The directory provided here will have these directories created within it. No .flac files will be
        output as a child of this directory. Basically, do not pass the album name as the output root, that directory
        will be generated for you within what you provide here.

Options:
    -e|--formats ............................ What formats to transcode to?
                                              Available formats: FLAC, 320, V0, V2
                                                  FLAC: Resample down to 16bit
                                                  320: FLAC -> MP3 320
                                                  V0: FLAC -> MP3
                                                  V2: FLAC -> V0
                                              Formats should be passed as a comma (,) separated string
                                              Example: FLAC,320,V0,V2
    -f|--force .............................. Forcefully create transcode directories
                                              If the generated name for a transcode directory all exists:
                                                  Not set: Transcode aborts
                                                  Set: Transcode deletes old directory and saves files in its place
    -r|--recursive .......................... Enables recursive mode. Details above.
    -s|--spectrals .......................... Enables generation of spectrals for all transcoded files
    -y|--non-interactive .................... Disable any confirmation prompts
